---
layout: post

#event information
title:  "Data + Donuts @ LACI"
date:   2017-03-15 08:00+0800
start_time: "8:00am"
end_time: "10:00am"

location: LACI
cover: https://cdn.wallpaper.com/main/lkic_01b.jpg

#event organiser aka speaker details
organiser: "Jeramy Gray"
eventbrite: "//eventbrite.com/tickets-external?eid=32492458819&ref=etckt"
---

# Speaker
__Jeramy Gray__<br>
_Assistant Executive Officer – L.A. County Board of Supervisors, Executive Office_

{% include icon-twitter.html username="GrayJeramy" %}

With over 20 years of Information Technology (IT) experience, Jeramy Gray has served as Chief Information Officer for three Los Angeles County agencies.  On February 14th, 2017 Jeramy was appointed by the Executive Office of the Board of Supervisors as Assistant Executive Officer of Technology and Planning.  In this position Jeramy oversees technology services and project planning for the County’s five elected Board Offices, County Commissions, Advisory Bodies and various administrative operations within the Executive Office.  Additionally, Jeramy is responsible for advising the Board on Countywide information technology standards, policy, and processes.  Prior to his role within the Executive Office of the Board, Jeramy was the Assistant Registrar-Recorder County Clerk, of Information Technology. His responsibilities included oversight of all  IT services,  strategic planning, governance, and fiscal management; in addition his responsibilities included oversight of LA County’s voting system redesign project.   On February 5, 2016 Jeramy was jointly appointed by the United States Elections Assistance Commission (EAC) and National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) to be a member of the Technical Development Guidelines Committee. As a member of this committee, Jeramy assisted in the development of national standards for voting technology. 

# Agenda

8am - Doors Open/Networking

9am - Speaker Presentation

9:20am - Additional Networking

10am - Doors Close
