---
layout: post

#event information
title:  "Data + Donuts @ General Assembly (DTLA)"
date:   2017-04-19 08:00+0800
start_time: "8:00am"
end_time: "10:00am"

location: GA-DTLA
cover: ../images/GADTLA.jpg

#event organiser aka speaker details
organiser: "Umi Hsu"
eventbrite: "//eventbrite.com/tickets-external?eid=33153582257&ref=etckt"
slides: ""
video: ""
---

# Speaker
__Umi Hsu__<br>
_Digital Strategist/Senior Project Coordinator, City of Los Angeles Department of Cultural Affairs_

{% include icon-twitter.html username="wfumihsu" %}

Umi Hsu is a researcher, strategist, and educator who engages with hybrid research and organizing agendas for equality in arts, technology, and civic participation. A former ACLS Public Fellow, Hsu currently works as the digital strategist of the City of Los Angeles Department of Cultural Affairs, providing research and strategy to redesign the department’s data and knowledge architecture. They are also the founder of Lab at DCA, a city staff innovation incubator. Hsu has served on the advisory committee for Arts for LA, Center for Cultural Innovation, California Community Foundation’s Social Change Data Commons, Cultural Research Network, and the Society of Ethnomusicology Council. They also lead two community-driven arts collectives LA Listens and Movable Parts. Since 2007, Hsu has taught at University of Virginia, Occidental College, and Art Center College of Design.

__From Local Knowledge to Collective Intelligence:__

"What is the value of local knowledge in the age of (big) data? Local knowledge in government work consists of institutional knowledge, informal networks, individual propensities, organizational and community culture. These can be assets to innovation projects. Drawing on my work developing digital literacy and research capacity at DCA, I will illustrate a human-centric knowledge architecture for government agencies and discuss how we can extend the impulse to learn, curiosities about impact, and lines of inquiries from staff, residents and communities."
