---
layout: post

#event information
title:  "Data + Donuts @ LACI"
date:   2018-04-11 08:00+0800
start_time: "8:00am"
end_time: "10:00am"

location: LACI
cover: https://cdn.wallpaper.com/main/lkic_01b.jpg

speakers:
  - "Rye Baerg"
  - "Kimberly Clark"
eventbrite: "//eventbrite.com/tickets-external?eid=44808854490&ref=etckt"
slides: "docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vQrz1bAMn1YvMhlcIgRvPb-4Sg7o8FtwhyqMGigp7k6Gse1O8Vahztums3COI_JJvEFZZI2x6ZDmiHk/embed?start=false&loop=false&delayms=3000"
video: ""
---

This month the [Southern California Association of Governments](http://www.scag.ca.gov/Pages/default.aspx) will present on its [Future Communities Initiative](https://www.scag.ca.gov/Documents/Final_scagFutureCommunitiesFramework.pdf) and current regional data projects, including the Local Input Process, the Active Transportation Database, and a new crowd sourcing app for transit supportive development.

#### About Rye Baerg
Rye Baerg is a Senior Regional Planner in the Active Transportation and Special Programs Department at the Southern California Association of Governments (SCAG). At SCAG Rye oversees a variety of projects and programs related to public health, active transportation and data collection. Prior to SCAG, Rye worked on active transportation policy and projects for the Safe Routes to School National Partnership, the Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority, and the Los Angeles Department of City Planning. Rye received his Bachelors of Arts in Anthropology and a Masters of Urban Planning, both from the University of California Los Angeles (UCLA).

#### About Kimberly Clark
Kimberly Clark is an Urban Planner at the Southern California Association of Governments (SCAG), and specializes in regional data science, geographic information systems (GIS), and interactive data visualization. As a public agency, SCAG works with various regional partners to develop long-range transportation, housing, and sustainability plans that transcend jurisdictional boundaries and improve the quality of life for Southern Californians. In her current work, Ms. Clark is leading the Bottom-Up Local Input and Envisioning Process for SCAG’s 2020 Regional Transportation Plan and Sustainable Communities Strategy (RTP/SCS), which involves the development and refinement of the base socioeconomic and geographic datasets for the upcoming Plan. Ms. Clark holds an undergraduate degree in political science from University of California, Riverside and a Master’s degree in urban planning from UCLA.
