---
layout: post

#event information
title:  "Data + Donuts @ LACI"
date:   2018-11-13 08:00+0800
start_time: "8:00am"
end_time: "10:00am"

location: LACI
cover: https://cdn.wallpaper.com/main/lkic_01b.jpg

#event organiser aka speaker details
organiser: "Javier Aguilar"
eventbrite: "//eventbrite.com/tickets-external?eid=52074907450&ref=etckt"
slides: ""
video: ""
---
Please join Data + Donuts for our first event in a series about aerial imagery in Los Angeles.

We're thrilled to hear from Javier Aguilar, Senior Regional Planner at Southern California Association of Governments (SCAG). Javier will discuss the Regional Aerial Imagery Initiative, a new collaborative project that will enable regional cities, counties, and other stakeholders to pool resources for high-resolution aerial imagery.

This imagery and reference data will be collected in early 2020 and will would provide a critical baseline reference for the 2020 U.S. Decennial Census and the 2024 Regional Transportation Plan and Sustainable Communities Strategy.

#### About Javier Aguilar
Javier Aguilar is a Senior Regional Planner in the Research and Analysis Department at the Southern California Association of Governments (SCAG). At SCAG, Javier oversees the agency’s GIS Services Program which provides services, training, software, hardware, and data to its local jurisdictions. Prior to SCAG, he worked in the private and non-profit sectors on various transportation, economic development, and environmental planning projects. Javier holds a Bachelors of Arts in Latin American Studies from Loyola Marymount University and two Master’s degree in Latin American Studies and Urban Planning for the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA).
