---
layout: post

#event information
title:  "Data + Donuts @ LACI"
date:   2018-01-10 08:00+0800
start_time: "8:00am"
end_time: "10:00am"

location: LACI
cover: https://cdn.wallpaper.com/main/lkic_01b.jpg

#event organiser aka speaker details
organiser: "George Khalil"
eventbrite: "//eventbrite.com/tickets-external?eid=40942262409&ref=etckt"

---

# Speaker
__George Khalil__<br>
_Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) - City of Riverside_

George holds a Master’s degree in Information Security Engineering from the SANS Technology Institute. His professional experience spans over 20 years managing networks, servers, storage and security infrastructure. George has been leading enterprise security architecture, compliance, auditing and policy development for government agencies, critical infrastructure, and law enforcement sectors. Before public service, He also worked for several Fortune 500’s, and Fortune 1000’s such as EarthLink Networks, SeeBeyond Technologies, and Sun Microsystems. Under George’s leadership, The City of Riverside’s won the 2017 program excellence award by the International City  / County management association for its next generation municipal cyber security program.
<br><br>
In addition to his experience, George is also a certified intrusion analyst, incident handler, network, and systems auditor, Forensic Analyst, Penetration Tester, Project Manager and Certified Security Expert. George has completed PCI DSS Auditing, Security awareness program management, and Staff development through reflective coaching. He also published several peer-reviewed papers on the topics of iOS messaging security, secure network engineering for next-generation data centers, password security, project management, High throughput Intrusion Analysis and Forensic network design. George’s data loss prevention article was featured on the cover of the July 2017 edition of western cities magazine and republished by PublicCEO.com. George presented at SANS Network Security Conferences, Southern California Mayor’s conference, City Clerk’s Association of California, Inland Empire security summit, Cyber Security for Critical Infrastructure, Riverside chamber of commerce and is a member of the GIAC Advisory Board.  

# Agenda

8am - Doors Open/Networking

9am - Speaker Presentation

9:20am - Additional Networking

10am - Doors Close
