---
layout: post

#event information
title:  "Data + Donuts @ LACI"
date:   2019-08-13 08:00+0800
start_time: "8:00am"
end_time: "10:00am"

location: LACI
cover: https://cdn.wallpaper.com/main/lkic_01b.jpg

speakers:
  - "Alex Alben"
eventbrite: "https://eventbrite.com/tickets-external?eid=68391919071&ref=etckt"
slides: ""
video: ""
---

Security and privacy are inherently connected. Our digital footprint is part of what defines us and privacy is now considered by some to be part of the new frontier of human rights. This discussion will provide an overview of privacy issues facing local government and offer practical solutions and tools to begin the important discussion of data ownership. This session will be appreciated by data enthusiasts from privacy novice to expert alike.

## About Alex Alben

In 2015 Alex Alben was named as the first Chief Privacy Officer for the State of Washington and lead the state’s Office of Privacy and Data Protection for more than 4 years. In that role, he initiated state-wide programs for enhanced privacy training, consumer education and launched “Privacy Modeling” for over 50 state agencies. He also co-chaired the state’s Autonomous Vehicle committee on System Technology & Data Security which examined new technologies such as drones, biometrics and data-sharing applications.

Alex played a leadership role in the field of digital media and has shared his expertise in both teaching and journalism. As a technology executive, Alex helped launch ESPN.com and ABCNews.com, and served for six years in senior management at RealNetworks. At the outset of his career, Alben served as a researcher for CBS News covering Presidential campaigns and went on to work for Mike Wallace at CBS Reports. Alben worked as an entertainment lawyer for Orion Pictures and Warner Bros. 

A graduate of Stanford University and Stanford Law School, Alben writes for The Seattle Times and other publications on the intersection of media, technology, and politics. He is the author of Analog Days—How Technology Rewrote Our Future. He is a veteran professors at the University of Washington and will soon begin teaching a course on Privacy, Data, and Technology at UCLA School of Law.