---
layout: post

#event information
title:  "Data + Donuts @ LACI"
date:   2019-07-11 08:00+0800
start_time: "8:00am"
end_time: "10:00am"

location: LACI
cover: https://cdn.wallpaper.com/main/lkic_01b.jpg

#event organiser aka speaker details
organiser: "Bill Kehoe"
eventbrite: "https://eventbrite.com/tickets-external?eid=64679458000&ref=etckt"
slides: ""
video: ""
---

The Los Angeles County Office of the CIO worked closely with the 37 County departments to develop 5 priority Enterprise IT Strategic Goals including ‘Data as a Utility’. This goal is defined as enabling the use and accessibility of data to build a countywide culture that emphasizes data-driven decision making. County CIO Bill Kehoe will discuss the responsibility of being the countywide Stewards of Data and how his department is working to achieve the goal of Data as a Utility.


## About Bill Kehoe

Bill Kehoe has been a public-sector Chief Information Officer (CIO) since 2002 serving as a State Agency CIO at the State of Washington Department of Licensing from 2002 – 2010; at King County Washington from 2010 – 2017; and as Los Angeles County CIO from November 2017 – Present. Bill has provided strategic and operational leadership for key organizational and technology transformations as a CIO including: three mainframe migrations, two IT organization and technology consolidations, multiple data center consolidations, development of multiple online services for state and local government residents, hybrid cloud strategy and deployment, application rationalization and modernization, IT Governance, Innovation, IT Strategic Planning, Enterprise Architecture, Information Management, and Unified Communication services.

As the CIO for Los Angeles County, Bill and the Office of the CIO have responsibility for enterprise technology strategy, governance, and policy. Bill and the Office of the CIO are also responsible for the enterprise information management, security, and department consulting programs.

Bill is involved in several professional organizations and is the current President of MIX, a national local government CIO consortium. Bill was recognized by Government Technology as one of the [Top 25 Doers, Dreamers, and Drivers in 2015](https://www.govtech.com/top-25/2015/). King County was recognized as the top large county in the 2017 Digital Counties Survey.

## Slides

<a href="https://github.com/compilerla/data-donuts/raw/master/Data%20and%20Donuts%20July%2011%202019.pdf">July 11, 2019 Presentation</a>
