---
layout: post

#event information
title:  "Digital Transformation"
date:   2024-08-29 08:00+0800
start_time: "08:00am"
end_time: "10:00am"

location: LACI
cover: ../images/la-kretz-campus.jpeg

#event speaker details
speakers: 
 - "Joe Nicchitta"
eventbrite: "https://eventbrite.com/tickets-external?eid=945235323297&ref=etckt"
slides: ""
video: ""
---

## A critique of current government technology practices.

Joe Nicchitta will lead an insightful discussion on Jennifer Pahlka's book, "Recoding America: Why Government Is Failing in the Digital Age and How We Can Do Better." Nicchitta will explore the book's critique of current government technology practices and advocate for a shift from Waterfall to Agile methodologies. He will highlight the challenges faced by government agencies in implementing effective technology solutions and share real-world examples of successful Agile transformations. Attendees will learn about the benefits of modernizing government technology and practical steps to overcome barriers, making government more responsive and efficient in the digital age.

### About Joseph Nicchitta

Joseph Nicchitta has served as the Chief Deputy Chief Executive Officer/Chief Operating officer since September 2020. Under the direction of the Chief Executive Officer, he provides operational, administrative, and programmatic leadership for some of the highest-profile programs in Los Angeles. He has been an essential part of the County’s pandemic response and recovery, including supporting the planning, allocation, and distribution of more than $2 billion in federal relief funding. From May 2018 to August 2020, he served as the Director of the Department of Consumer and Business Affairs, where among other efforts he led the development and adoption of the Board-approved rent stabilization program for the unincorporated areas of Los Angeles County and the OneLA Initiative, a public-private partnership to help local small, minority-owned, women-owned, and veteran-owned businesses win government contracts. Mr. Nicchitta held prior positions with the Chief Executive Office, where he led the Office of Cannabis Management after Proposition 64 legalized commercial and personal use cannabis in 2016, and with the County Counsel’s office, where he worked primarily on land use and environmental matters. Mr. Nicchitta began with the County as an entry-level county counsel in 2012.