---
layout: post

#event information
title: "Data + Donuts @ LACI"
date: 2018-02-13 08:00
start_time: "8:00am"
end_time: "10:00am"

location: LACI
cover: https://cdn.wallpaper.com/main/lkic_01b.jpg

speakers:
  - "Matthew Agustin"
eventbrite: "//eventbrite.com/tickets-external?eid=42469590689&ref=etckt"
slides: ""
video: "www.youtube.com/embed/r1xTdd8LcBg"
---

<!-- Speaker Bio -->

Matthew Agustin is the Research Associate for the LA County Arts Commission’s arts education initiative, the LA County Arts Ed Collective. He supports the Arts Ed Collective’s efforts to collect data from school districts and evaluates the Arts Ed Collective’s work in making the arts core for all public students in LA County. Mr. Agustin also serves as the Arts Commission’s resident GIS analyst. Mr. Agustin studied Applied Mathematics at the University of California, Riverside and holds a Master’s in Urban and Regional Planning from the University of California, Irvine.

This presentation will focus on the LA County Arts Ed Collective’s Arts Education Profile, a research project measuring the quantity, quality and equity of arts instruction in in LA County public schools. The Arts Ed Collective surveyed all 2,277 schools to produce: a report that tells the story of the current state of arts education in LA County; an online tool that where anyone can look up open data about arts education provided by any school or district; and comprehensive reports for strategic arts planning in each district. You’ll get a behind-the-scenes look at how we collected and analyzed the data, and how and why we used these formats for presenting our findings.
