---
layout: post

#event information
title: "Data + Donuts @ LACI"
date: 2018-06-13 08:00
start_time: "8:00am"
end_time: "10:00am"

location: LACI
cover: https://cdn.wallpaper.com/main/lkic_01b.jpg

speakers:
  - "Erin Coleman"
  - "Erick Lopez"
eventbrite: "//eventbrite.com/tickets-external?eid=46748534124&ref=etckt"
slides: ""
video: ""
---

The City of Los Angeles launched an ambitious project to modernize zoning codes and the way we interact with them in Los Angeles. Join us for a talk with the team behind the project and learn about [re:code LA](https://recode.la/) - the process, the tech behind it, the decision to open source the final product.

#### About Erin Coleman

Erin Coleman is a City Planner with the City of Los Angeles Planning Department, and has over 7 years of professional planning experience from the public, nonprofit, and academic sectors. In her current role, Erin works on re:code LA, the comprehensive revision of the City’s Zoning Code, in addition to several smaller-scale Zoning Code amendments. Erin is passionate about using technology to improve civic engagement and customer service, and is a project lead on WebCode, the new online interface for the Zoning Code. Previously, Erin served as a Data Coordinator for the Advancement Project’s Healthy City program, making high quality data and maps illustrating neighborhood conditions publicly available through an online interactive platform to inform decision-making. Erin served as a Staff Research Associate with UCLA Luskin School of Public Affairs and contributed to studies of the Mortgage Interest Deduction and Backyard Housing. She also served as a Teaching Assistant for a web-based GIS course. Erin received her Master’s degree in Urban and Regional Planning from UCLA and her Bachelor’s in Anthropology from the University of Iowa.

#### About Erick Lopez

With over 18 years of experience in the field of city planning and a demonstrated ability to build consensus among various stakeholders with diverse interests, Erick Lopez has a history of managing and completing major policy initiatives for the City of Los Angeles Department of City Planning. He spearheaded the effort to develop and fund the work program to comprehensively revise the City’s Zoning Code and is now a project manager for re:code LA. Over the years, Erick has developed a unique understanding of current and emerging technology and how it can be applied to, and addressed by the field of planning. His work has directly led to the creation of new outreach tools and a first-of-its-kind, interactive delivery system for municipal codes or policy documents.
