---
layout: post

#event information
title: "Data + Donuts @ LACI"
date: 2019-09-17 08:00
start_time: "8:00am"
end_time: "10:00am"

location: LACI
cover: https://cdn.wallpaper.com/main/lkic_01b.jpg

speakers:
  - "Juan Vasquez"
eventbrite: "https://eventbrite.com/tickets-external?eid=72169899111&ref=etckt"
slides: ""
video: ""
---

The City of Los Angeles Office of Finance is pushing technology to make real improvements to daily operations and customer service. Juan will share with us the tools they are using to make these changes and the data strategy that drives it all.

## About Juan Vasquez

As Data Programs Manager at the Office of Finance, Juan is a leader in modernizing and optimizing how the 400-person department collects, reports, manages, and uses data, and more importantly the actionable insights derived from it. Some days, he builds map-based tools to provide business intelligence for decision makers and organizational leaders, other days he is writing SQL queries to feed data into email newsletters or the digitization of traditional paper processes, and sometimes he is working with stakeholder groups to achieve systematic improvements.

Juan's worked is heavily focused around using data to improve the overall customer experience for internal and external stakeholders. Prior to joining Finance, Juan was a data analyst at the Mayor's Office. During the last 4 years working within LA's local government, Juan was worked with data on a variety of diverse topics: from cannabis to real estate, workers' comp, procurement, and business.

Juan's career started in the private sector back in 2010, working as an advertising agency account exec, where he learned the value of strategic communication, framing, design, and user experience. He also worked at a DTLA tech company, NationBuilder, where he helped hundreds of nonprofits, governments, and political campaigns configure their databases and improve their digital organizing efforts. During his free time Juan teaches data analytics and visualization classes at General Assembly.

He is originally from Bogota, Colombia and is a proud immigrant. He and his wife are homeowners and live in Boyle Heights, the same neighborhood Juan has lived in since moving to LA almost 7 years ago.
