---
layout: post

#event information
title:  "REAP 2.0: A Transportation and Housing Cornucopia"
date:   2023-11-14 08:00+0800
start_time: "08:00am"
end_time: "10:00am"

location: LACI
cover: ../images/la-kretz-campus.jpeg

#event speaker details
speakers: 
 - "Nolan Borgman"
eventbrite: "https://eventbrite.com/tickets-external?eid=744707569387&ref=etckt"
slides: ""
video: ""
---

## SCAG’s $246 million effort to change transportation and housing paradigms.

Nolan will outline SCAG’s plans to spend $246 million by the end of 2025 on transportation programs with a nexus to housing and vice versa. He will then highlight a $15 million program to develop and implement regionally significant pilots. He will go over everything from mobility hubs, mobility wallets/ubm, active transportation, and big data research projects during his presentation.
### About Nolan Borgman

Nolan V. Borgman is a Planning Supervisor at the Southern California Association of Governments (SCAG) on the Partnerships for Innovative Deployment team. He manages a team of four responsible for delivering $100 million in REAP 2.0 funded transportation programs that prioritize affordable housing, sustainable transportation, and resilient infrastructure. Prior to joining SCAG, Nolan was a Manager in Metro’s Office of Strategic Innovation (OSI) where he led Metro’s Unsolicited Proposal (UP) Program, which helped shape a diverse portfolio of projects totaling over $10 billion. Through this program, Nolan oversaw the review of over 250 proposals and led resulting projects including the Zero Emission Bus Business Case & Delivery Strategy, Los Angeles Aerial Rapid Transit, and award-winning Camera Bus Lane Enforcement and Drone Data Collection programs. Before joining OSI, Nolan worked in the Audit Department and in the Office of the CEO staffing three different CEOs. He is a graduate of the Coro Fellows Program and Occidental College, where he studied Urban and Environmental Policy.