---
layout: post

#event information
title: "PCH Malibu Master Plan"
date: 2025-02-05 08:00
start_time: "08:00am"
end_time: "10:00am"

location: LACI
cover: ../images/la-kretz-campus.jpeg

#event speaker details
speakers:
  - "Ryan Snyder"
eventbrite: "https://eventbrite.com/tickets-external?eid=1223980411359&ref=etckt"
slides: ""
video: ""
---

## PCH in Malibu Master Plan: Process, Recommendations and Challenges

This month, Ryan Snyder will lead a discussion on Caltrans' involvement in the development of the PCH Master Plan in Malibu. The talk will cover Caltrans' process, recommendations, and some of the unforeseen challenges of an undertaking like this one.

### About Ryan Snyder

Ryan Snyder currently works as the Feasibility Studies Manager in Caltrans District 7. Prior to that he the Caltrans Director’s office coordinating meetings and communication with the Director’s office and the Executive Board. His first role at Caltrans was the District 7 as the Senior Manager of Sustainability. There he headed up various projects including the Zero Emission Infrastructure Plan, plans to get solar panels in our rights-of-way, mobility hub planning, and reconnecting communities. Prior to working at Caltrans, Snyder was a principal in transportation consulting. Much of his career has been with active transportation planning, having prepared many bicycle, pedestrian, and safe routes to school plans. He started his career in transportation demand management (TDM) and has also done some transit planning. Snyder coordinated the development of the Model Design Manual for Living Streets and has prepared street design manuals for various urban regions. He also coordinated the AV Policy Framework Summit that brought some 100 national experts together to advance the policy discussion on how to prepare for a future with automated vehicles. Snyder taught graduate students at the UCLA Urban Planning Department. He served as Vice President of the Los Angeles Board of Transportation Commissioners, as well as on the Bicycle Technical Committee of the National Committee on Uniform Traffic Control Devices. Snyder holds an M.A. in Urban Planning and a B.A. in Economics from UCLA.
