---
layout: post

#event information
title: "A Study of LA Metro's Enclosed Barriers"
date: 2025-07-22 08:00
start_time: "08:00am"
end_time: "10:00am"

location: LACI
cover: ../images/la-kretz-campus.jpeg

#event speaker details
speakers:
  - "Jason Thompson"
  - "Boris Suchkov"
eventbrite: "1384072952459"
slides: ""
video: ""
---

## Reducing Operator Assaults: A Study of LA Metro's Enclosed Barriers.

This month, Jason Thompson and Boris Suchkov of LA Metro will be giving a talk on Reducing Operator Assaults: A Study of LA Metro's Enclosed Barriers.

### About Jason Thompson

Jason Thompson is a data analyst who has been working in the field for 10+ years. During that time he has held several positions in government related fields including public health, education and most recently, public transportation. Among his interests are the study of populations, and their trends, movement, and patterns as they relate to needs and services. In his current role at Metro’s System Security & Law Enforcement, Jason plays a key role in analyzing ridership trends, safety data, and developing projects that measure efficacy.

### About Boris Suchkov

Boris Suchkov leads the Data Analytics & Intelligence unit at LA Metro’s System Security and Law Enforcement department. He oversees the collection, processing, analysis and reporting of data related to Metro security, including crimes and arrests reported by Metro’s law enforcement partners, deployment metrics, and information from other Metro units such as Ambassadors and Contract Security. His career focus has been transit performance metrics and the associated automation processes needed to calculate and report them.
