---
layout: post

#event information
title: "Using Universal Basic Mobility Principles"
date: 2026-04-22 08:00
start_time: "08:00am"
end_time: "10:00am"

location: LACI
cover: ../images/la-kretz-campus.jpeg

#event speaker details
speakers:
  - "Jillian Gallard"
  - "Nataly Rios"
eventbrite: "1983370568762"
slides: ""
video: ""
---

## Hydrogen Fueling Station Design and Data Collection

This month, Jillian Gallard and Nataly Rios Gutierrez will be giving a talk titled: Using Universal Basic Mobility Principles to Evolve How We Define, Measure, and Deliver Transportation Equity in Los Angeles.

### About Jillian Gallard and Nataly Rios

Jillian Gallard is a Transportation Planner for the City of Los Angeles Department of Transportation (LADOT) leading projects within the Universal Basic Mobility (UBM) Division. She delivers collaborative projects that seek to provide a foundational level of safe, affordable, and accessible transportation for all people—regardless of income, age, race, gender, or ability. Jillian works with community organizations, mobility service providers, other government agencies, and across City departments to advance UBM initiatives in Los Angeles. She holds a BA in History from Utah State University, a Master of Sustainable Management from the University of Wisconsin, Green Bay, and a Master of Urban and Regional Planning from Cal Poly Pomona.

Nataly Rios is a Transportation Planner with LADOT's Advanced Planning and Policy team. She leads the Mobility Action Plan, a data-driven effort to develop a 5-year capital investment plan and a 20-year transportation strategy. Her work focuses on aligning transportation investments with equity goals, fostering coordination across city departments, and creating unified strategies to better serve all Angelenos. Nataly holds a BA in Sociology from the University of Chicago and a Master of Urban and Regional Planning from the University of California, Los Angeles.
