---
layout: post

#event information
title: "Metrolink's Evolution of GTFS-ServiceAlerts"
date: 2026-02-03 08:00
start_time: "08:00am"
end_time: "10:00am"

location: LACI
cover: ../images/la-kretz-campus.jpeg

#event speaker details
speakers:
  - "Sabrina Davis"
  - "Cody Kraatz"
eventbrite: "1980654819884"
slides: ""
video: ""
---

## The Evolution of GTFS-ServiceAlerts: Metrolink's targeted text alerts and the future of the GTFS-ServiceAlerts data standard

This month, Sabrina Davis and Cody Kraatz will give a presentation on Metrolink's targeted text alerts and the future of the GTFS-ServiceAlerts

### About Sabrina Davis & Cody Kraatz

Sabrina Davis is the Director of Customer Experience at Metrolink, dedicated to improving transit through technology that makes service more reliable, transparent, and easier to navigate. She holds an MA in Leadership from Claremont Graduate University and brings 20+ years of experience aligning teams around the customer journey. Sabrina delivers solutions such as real-time rider information, stronger digital self-service, and improved service recovery. She is committed to accessible, sustainable mobility and mentoring emerging leaders.

Cody Kraatz is the founder and CEO of [SimplifyTransit](https://www.simplifytransit.com/), which helps public transit agencies grow ridership with a suite of easy and powerful digital communications tools including Alerts, Subscriptions, Service Bot and GTFS Optimizer. In Southern California, Metrolink and Omnitrans use Alerts and Subscriptions to efficiently publish high quality GTFS-ServiceAlerts via apps, personalized texts/emails, web, and other channels. Previously, Cody built his expertise in transit data managing digital communications and innovation projects at Santa Clara VTA. He redesigned [VTA.org](https://www.vta.org/) to be powered by GTFS-schedule and GTFS-realtime data feeds, built an automated and personalized SMS and email alerts system, sped up and improved GTFS-schedule data publishing, and managed a hackathon and app challenge.
